
The concept, time period, and gameplay inspired by an idle game will be a futuristic setting, where humanity has just started colonizing the stars and multiple planets, and traveling between them takes a very long period of time.
The player character is someone who doesn't have many opportunities in life, and needs money, so they take a job on a freighter space ship. Their job is to maintain the ship while it goes through hyperspeed travel, and deliver the goods between different space stations. The catch is that every job they go on passes months to years in the outside world.
The player character should have friends, meet people, make relationships, visit their family, and so on over the course of the game, losing touch, making mistakes, and growing more distant.

The player will have taken the ship on loan, and has to work these jobs to pay off the loan, or else they'll end up bankrupt and the game will end. The player will need to be relatively efficient in choices and strategy to stay afloat.

Decisions the player will have to make with their family and friends and lover(s) will cost money, taking away from the money they have for their loans.

As time passes, technology also gets better, and the player can use their money to get upgrades to their ship, go on better journeys which are more efficient, and make certain choices with the characters they encounter for ambigious outcomes which are muddly and difficult.

The planet the player comes from has a bar in it the player frequents, with a robot bartender who always serves them over the years. While the journeys the player goes on doesn't have to come back to this original planet, the player will have a set of perks they only can spend when at this bar, reflecting on their journey with the bartender who will give some sage advice to them. This planet and bar will be at the center of a slowly expanding map of planets and stations, as more and more get made over the course of your journey, and the years you're gone in travel. 

The player can also work several side missions for individuals, which aren't typical jobs, and are for questlines. These events don't stick around forever, and will only be seen if the player is around at the right time, and will disapear if they aren't, or they take too long.

The game will be non-randomized, having the same events every time, but so much going on at the same time that the player has to play several runs to experience it all

The game will be melancholy in nature, exploring life, tragedy, mistakes and life choices, and the hard realities that life is.

The player needs to talk to strangers moving around the station or new bulletins to learn world events, what changes occured, and some tips on where they should or shouldn't go. These are entirely optional for the player to keep up with, but add worldbuilding, and teach the player crutial things that they likely won't know otherwise



